Rebalance raft roles during cluster member evacuation (#17911)
canonical/lxd: doc/api-extensions.md

1. {config:option}`storage-powerstore-pool-conf:powerstore.user.password`
1. {config:option}`storage-powerstore-pool-conf:powerstore.mode`
1. {config:option}`storage-powerstore-pool-conf:powerstore.target`

(extension-clustering-evacuation-force)=
## `clustering_evacuation_force`

Adds a `force` field to `POST /1.0/cluster/members/{name}/state` when performing an `evacuate` action.

> When `force` is set to `true`, LXD skips the quorum safety check that would otherwise reject evacuating an online raft voter when the remaining online voters would fall below the required majority.

Reviewer: How about the following to minimize the number of -ing words:

```suggestion
When `force` is set to `true`, LXD skips the quorum safety check that otherwise would not allow you to evacuate an online raft voter when the remaining online voters would fall below the required majority.
```

Author: Fixed.
